add theme mdx (#312)
allenai/varnish-legacy: demo/src/pages/Theme/page.mdx

---
type: Style
title: Theme
cols: 1
iconSrc: ./palette-14px.svg
---

## Theme

> The default Varnish theme, which provides programmatic access to the default values for colors, typography and other properties related to the user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default Varnish theme provides programmatic access to AI2 branded colors, typography and other properties related to the user interface. Using these values helps ensure your application's look and feel matches that of other AI2 applications.
```

### Example Usage in a Component

```jsx dark
import styled from 'styled-components';

const RedBackground = styled.div`
  background: ${({ theme }) => theme.color.R6};
`;
```

## Theme.Provider

> Theme Provider for Varnish Theming.

Reviewer: Ah, so this isn't the actual context object, but rather an implementation of it, right?

I like the idea of switching to just be called `<VarnishApp>` or `<Varnish>`. Then it can safely act as a generic top-level thing that "activates" Varnish.  This way the user isn't confused by the `Provider` nomenclature, which doesn't make sense unless they're familiar with React.

I also notice that people rarely:

1. Override the theme.
2. Use the `Theme.Consumer`, instead they just import the default theme and use it instead.

So that might influence what we do here...

Author: Added VarnishApp

### When To Use

All Varnish Apps need to be wrapped with the Theme.Provider.

```jsx dark
import { Button } from 'antd';
import { Header, Theme } from '@allenai/varnish';
import '@allenai/varnish/theme/theme.less';

ReactDOM.render(
  <Theme.Provider>
    <Header>
        <h1>My Application!</h1>
    </Header>
    <Button type="primary">Click Me!</Button>
  </Theme.Provider>,
  mountNode,
);
```

### Theme Values

> <ThemeValues />

Reviewer: We should include a doc for how to use the theme programmatically. I've been asked that 3x times in the last 2 weeks.

I'd suggest we just document how to import and use `Theme.default`, instead of referencing the whole `Theme.Consumer` mechanism. You could include an "Advanced" section where you cover how to override the theme and use `Theme.Consumer` to access the overriden values...this seems like it'd be good to have penciled down so it's easy for a user to do if/when they want to.

Author: done... but Theme.default is now just Theme

Reviewer: Nice !I like that more.

---
type: Style
title: Theme
cols: 1
iconSrc: ./palette-14px.svg
---

## Theme

The default Varnish theme provides programmatic access to AI2 branded colors, typography and other
properties related to the user interface. Using these values helps ensure your application's look
and feel matches that of other AI2 applications.

### Example Usage in a Component

```jsx dark
import styled from 'styled-components';

const RedBackground = styled.div`
  background: ${({ theme }) => theme.color.R6};
`;
```

You can also access the Theme values within javascript via `Theme`.

### Example Usage in javascript

```jsx dark
import { Theme } from '@allenai/varnish/theme';

const redSix = Theme.color.R6;

> console.log(redSix.hex)

Reviewer: If you use red 5 it could be a star wars reference in disguise...

// Red 5 standing by...
const redFiveStandingBy = Theme.color.R5;
```

Author: nice, done
